today I will teach you to
to make nettle manure then for that
you need a container I use
an old one does everything but you can
take a badly used jump does it all
just because he has a father that's
much more practical
so now we're going to look for
exit I'm lucky to have some at the bottom
from my garden
then you need a kilo of nettle for 10
liters of water but we are not in the garden
to take the lead
so I use I do not pass my
outings I use what I have you
take the nettles then with gloves
to avoid getting stung and wanted
cut into pieces in your container
so I harvested and cut the assets
now i'm going to add lost us our
during ten liters
I will mix
I mix in one direction then in
the other well energized the water for 2 to
3 minutes
do not hesitate to mix
several times in the day
I put a cover during the night to
in case of rain my pura is protected
in the morning I remove the cover I mix
again I do this operation between
5 to 10 days depending on the weather
until a beautiful white foam
appear that's what we'll see
in the next video